Tutorial for installing on IBM Cloud (#3895)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/tutorials/tutorial-for-installing-jenkins-on-IBM-Cloud.md

# Get Jenkins on IBM Cloud

You should have an IBM Cloud account, otherwise you can [register here].

> At the end of the tutorial you will have a cluster with Jenkins up and runnning.

Reviewer: Spelling fix
```suggestion
At the end of the tutorial you will have a cluster with Jenkins up and running.
```

  * Enter your payment information, click Next, and submit your information
* Choose **classic** or **VPC**, read the [docs] and choose the most suitable type for yourself 
 ![VPC](/content/images/IBMCloud/infra-select.png)
* Now choose your location settings, for more information please visit [Locations]
  * Choose **Geography** (continent)
![continent](/content/images/IBMCloud/location-geo.png)
  * Choose **Single** or **Multizone**, in single zone your data is only kept in on datacenter, on the other hand with Multizone it is distributed to multiple zones, thus  safer in an unforseen zone failure 
![avail](/content/images/IBMCloud/location-avail.png)
  * Choose a **Worker Zone** if using Single zones or **Metro** if Multizone
 ![worker](/content/images/IBMCloud/location-worker.png) 
    * If you wish to use Multizone please set up your account with [VRF] or [enable Vlan spanning]
    * If at your current location selection, there is no available Virtual LAN, a new Vlan will be created for you 
 
* Choose a **Worker node setup** or use the preselected one, set **Worker node amount per zone**
![worker-pool](/content/images/IBMCloud/worker-pool.png)

> * Choose **Master Service Endpoint**,  In VRF-enabled accounts, you can choose private-only to make your master accessible on the private network or via VPN tunnel. Choose public-only to make your master publicly accessible. When you have a VRF-enabled account, your cluster is set up by default to use both private and public endpoints. For more information visit [endpoints].

Reviewer: Jenkins has deprecated the term `master` in favor of `controller`.  Conversion of terminology is a work in progress
```suggestion
* Choose **Master Service Endpoint**,  In VRF-enabled accounts, you can choose private-only to make your controller accessible on the private network or via VPN tunnel. Choose public-only to make your controller publicly accessible. When you have a VRF-enabled account, your cluster is set up by default to use both private and public endpoints. For more information visit [endpoints].
```

![endpoints](/content/images/IBMCloud/endpoints.png)
* Give cluster a **name**

![name-new](/content/images/IBMCloud/name-new.png)
* Give desired **tags** to your cluster, for more information visit [tags]

![tags-new](/content/images/IBMCloud/tasg-new.png)
* Click **create**
![create-new](/content/images/IBMCloud/create-new.png)

> * Wait for you cluster to be provisioned 

Reviewer: Spelling fix
```suggestion
* Wait for your cluster to be provisioned 
```

![cluster-prepare](/content/images/IBMCloud/cluster-prepare.png)

> * Your cluster is ready for usage 

Reviewer: Alternate phrasing suggestion
```suggestion
* Your cluster is ready
```

![cluster-ready](/content/images/IBMCloud/cluster-done.png)

## Step 2 deploy IBM Cloud Block Storage plug-in
The Block Storage plug-in is a persistent, high-performance iSCSI storage that you can add to your apps by using Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs).
 
* Click the **Catalog** button on the top 
* Select **Software** from the catalog
* Search for **IBM Cloud Block Storage plug-in** and click on it
![Block](/content/images/IBMCloud/block-search.png)

* On the application page Click in the _dot_ next to the cluster, you wish to use

> * Click on  **Enter or Select Namespace** and choose the default Namespace or use a custom one (if you get error please wait 30 minutes for the cluster to finalize)

Reviewer: Alternate phrasing suggestion
```suggestion
* Click on  **Enter or Select Namespace** and choose the default Namespace or use a custom one (if an error is reported, please wait 30 minutes for the cluster to finalize)
```
